:bookmark: Version 2.0.0 (#105)
mindee/mindee-api-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v2.0.0 - 2023-02-02
### !BREAKING CHANGES
* :boom: drop Invoice v3 support

> * :boom: prediction model classes must be replace by using inference model to use OTS API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :boom: prediction model classes must be replaced by inference model to use OTS APIs
```

* :boom: renaming Date to DateField

### Changes

> * :sparkles: support Financial V1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :sparkles: support Financial Document V1
```

* :sparkles: support Proof of Address V1
* :sparkles: enable the use of custom time out when calling Mindee API
* :sparkles: improve MindeeClient by using IPredictable instead of instance of MindeeApi
* :sparkles: expose a static helper to instantiate a new MindeeClient

> * :sparkles: support Proof of Address V1

Reviewer: duplicate
